Docs: add warning callout to add a workaround when jsDelivr is not available (#39145)
twbs/bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/getting-started/download.md

<script src="{{< param "cdn.js" >}}" integrity="{{< param "cdn.js_hash" >}}" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
```

> {{< callout warning >}}
> **Heads up!** We use and advise to use [jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/) in our documentation. However, in some cases, like in some specific countries or environments, you might need to use other CDN providers, such as [cdnjs](https://cdnjs.com/) or [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/).
> 
> You'll find the same files on these CDN providers, albeit with different URLs.
> 
> While changing the URLs, you'll also need to update the `integrity` attribute. Tools like [SRI Hash Generator](https://www.srihash.org/) can help you generate the correct values.
> 
> Easier, this [cdnjs Bootstrap direct link](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/bootstrap) provides a ready-to-use HTML snippet for each version of Bootstrap where you can just copy and paste the script tag.
> {{< /callout >}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alternative CDNs

We recommend [jsDelivr](https://www.jsdelivr.com/) and use it ourselves in our documentation. However, in some cases—like in some specific countries or environments—you may need to use other CDN providers like [cdnjs](https://cdnjs.com/) or [unpkg](https://unpkg.com/).

You'll find the same files on these CDN providers, albeit with different URLs. When changing the URLs, you'll also need to update the `integrity` attribute. Tools like [SRI Hash Generator](https://www.srihash.org/) can help you generate the correct values.

With cdnjs, you can [use this direct Bootstrap package link](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/bootstrap) to copy and paste ready-to-use HTML snippets for each dist file from any version of Bootstrap.

```
